Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
From Hanselman it's dot
com. It's Hansel minutes. Our
weekly discussion with web developer
and technologist Scott Hanselman. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
518. In this episode, Scott
talks with maker and robotics
enthusiast Simone yet. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes
today. I'm talking with Simone
yet, who is calling in
from Sweden? How are you?
I'm good. Kudos on pronouncing
my last name correctly. Oh,
well I've only been practicing
for the last hour, so
thank you. Ma'am So your,
your, your last name is
spelled G I E R
T Zed. And that's something
that we can find you
on Twitter and on YouTube.
Do you consider yourself a
tuber? I think I changed
my title. Like other people
change socks, but right now
I'm going with inventor in
YouTube or Nice adventuring YouTuber,
Inventor, inventor, Inventor. Okay. And
do you, do you do
Arduino? You do, you do
robots and it seems like
one of your robots is
going viral right now. Isn't
it? I think, I mean,
I think a few of
them have actually gone viral.
Do you think your most,
your most famous robot is
right now? It's definitely. I
made this alarm clock that
slaps you in the face
to wake you up. And
that way it depends a
little bit, but I think
it's around 80 million views. Not
unfortunately, not on my YouTube
channel, but, and it's on
Facebook and they accounted a
little bit different, but still
it's. Yeah, that one just
exploded. That's gotta be frustrating
though. If they're gonna understand
that when you put a
video on YouTube, you get
the credit and you get
the views and you get
the sense of accomplishment when
it goes viral on Facebook,
people tend to copy it
and then you don't even
know how many total views
it has. Yeah. It's a
little bit like that, but
I'm kind of, I'm okay
with it. I'm just more
frustrated that it didn't please.
Normally I put like a
watermark or water stamp on
them, so you can kind
of see like, Oh, this
is some on the edge,
but I didn't do that
with that one. So it's
just like kind of floating
out there all alone and
people can't, they can't find
me. So one robot that
slaps you in the face,
it hangs on your wall,
the alarm goes off and
then basically it spins and
it hits you when you
make a robot like that.
Like, do you, is that,
is it mostly for the
gag and the building and
the joy of the building?
Or are there robots that
you have built and kept
and they have become a
part of your life and
they're being used regularly? I
think that's such a funny,
I've done a lot of
different interviews and people always,
I mean, I always crack
up when people are like,
Oh, your projects for fun.
We're like, are these supposed
to be serious? No. Like
the one where like the
Spanish talk show you did,
you know, that was like
bad, but you know, But
it's funny. Like if somebody
asks me, like how, how
often do you use your
toothbrush helmet? So basically I
made like a, I took
the robot arm on a
helmet and added toothbrush to
it and he brushes my
teeth, but it only does
the front teeth. It's kind
of violent. And I'm just
like, it just cracks me
up. The people think that
I actually use these I've
I've actually, I've actually never
used the wakeup machine to
wake up in the morning.
So I feel bad that
you're saying that it's not
a unique question to ask.
Do you ever use it?
It's fine. Obviously you don't,
but, but I want you
to also recognize that that
seems to be the most
useful of them. Like I'm
thinking to myself, I could
use a robot that slaps
me in the face to
wake me up. It's probably
the one that's most requested
to buy too. I think
people want to buy them.
Yeah. It always, it always
cracks me up, but I,
yeah, they, they, they want
to buy them or want
me to build one for
them. That's like special in
some way that like, it
slaps you when you snore
or anything like that. Maybe,
maybe you need to just
make it like an art
installation where people can come
and see them all in
one place. I think like
I've been thinking about like
art installation and museum and
stuff like an application. Cause
I have like a fair
collection of projects I built
now, but they're all kind
of brittle. I don't think
that they, like, if you,
if you take them out
like that, they really got
to last for a long
time. So that's interesting that
you, that you bring that
up because I feel like
when I do making stuff
and I'm sitting here with,
I've got like five Arduinos
to my right and a
bunch of relays to my
left and I'm surrounded by
all this stuff and I'll
go and I'll build something
Sounds like R and B
song. Yeah. That's actually, It's
in my re to my
left. It is pretty nerdy.
Actually we should, we should,
we should drop the track
after, after the show. So
I'm thinking about all this,
this stuff. And I'm like,
you know, I build things
and I get them to
work and I have that,
that led moment where it's
like at work, but then
I realized that it probably
works twice. And then it's
really so fragile that it
breaks apart. So getting it
to work and getting it
to be a real thing
that you could keep going
for and they could keep
being functional, I think is
there's a big difference, I
think. And also it's just
not fun in the same
way, Making it work versus
making it work well. Yeah,
I think I just kind
of like doing it where
it's like, okay, it has
to work Five times. It's
kind of the limit. Or
I think I have like
10 times for my robots.
It just has to work
10 times. And then it's,
it's kind of okay. Like,
and that's just fine, but
when you start getting into
like, Oh, where is like,
is there like tension built
up somewhere? Or to me
that just kind of brings
the joy out of it.
I just want it to
work like a set amount
of times and then I
can just leave it and
build the next thing. Okay.
So this means that you
are, if you got, if
you had a, do you
have a job? I shouldn't
ask you that. But if
you had a job, you
would be like chief inventor,
you'd come up with a
concept. You blow everyone's mind,
you'd sell it to the
CEO and then you'd give
it to the engineer whose
job it is to like,
make it work. But you
had the brilliant idea and
then you move on to
the next brilliant idea. Yeah.
Kind of. But I also
want to build the prototype.
Yeah. That's what I mean.
Yeah. Well said, Yeah. Prototype
I'm the prototyping person. Yeah.
It's just like, I'm not
very structured person. I'm much
better with prototypes because it's
just like quick and dirty.
It's just going to work
and then I, and then
I can do that and
then somebody else can actually
figure out how to make
it work. So I'm looking
at these, some of these
gifts and one of the
ones that one of the
Spanish talk show that was
a couple of months ago,
you, you, you took this,
you have the helmet and
it basically brushes your teeth.
How much is going on
there? Is it simply a,
is there an Arduino or
is it just a motor
with some gears? How, how
complicated is a kind of
a mid level invention like
that compared to, It's funny
with that, with that, because
in that talk show, it's
actually not me using it.
So I brought it to
the Spanish talk show and,
and, and I get there
and I'm thinking that I'm
going to demo, I'm going
to demo all of my
products, but then there's just
like this other girl who
gets to show them. So
she actually, and like, I've
never actually watched that toothbrush.
So she's basically just using
my toothbrush. I didn't tell
her about it, but, but,
but something like the two,
three tenements in two, three
times it was actually really
straight forward because I didn't
build the arm itself. Like
the robot arm itself was
a finished robot arm kit
that I just kind of
mounted on a skateboard helmet
and put a toothbrush on
it. So that one was
actually really Okay. So, so
for people who are, who
are listening and are thinking
that they want to build
something, not all of these
kinds of things are going
to involve programming and soldering.
Sometimes it's just having the
boldness to put two things
together or three things together
and go for it. All
of them incorporate some sort
of programming. Okay. So the
toothbrush doesn't toothbrush, Ryan does
Programming. Yeah. Yeah. It's controlled
by an Arduino board. Okay.
Okay. So talk to me
about that sense of what's
involved. So I just used
an Arduino UNO and like
a servo motor shield and
just use that to control
the server motors in the
robot arm. And I just
program it to do like
this little brushing sequence that
I have. So it's nothing
very complicated. And I think
like if somebody wanted to
build it, I might mean
my sketch or the, the,
the program that I used
is, is online. So you
could just download it and
upload it to their own
toothbrush helmet. But, but I
think almost all of them
involve programming. Not all of
them involve soldering, a lot
of breadboard action going on
too, Really. And, you know,
again, that gets to the
point about prototyping versus, you
know, shipping a finished, finished
product when you're inventing in,
you're playing, you know, you
don't have to overthink it
to you. You just have
to like have fun and
get it to work. And
a breadboard is an okay
thing to use, I guess.
Yeah. I think, I mean,
you're always going to think
about what your purpose is
building stuff is. And to
me, it's just like, I
mean, I have a lot
of fun when I build
stuff, but it's also, I
mean, I just want to
make like fun, interesting content
for people. And then it
doesn't, I mean, it doesn't
need to be something that
I can actually send to
a factory and be like,
Hey, make 20,000. So Kind
of funny. I would just
want to want the reply.
I wonder what they would
want. What is the payoff
for you? The replies and
the, and the, the, the,
the interaction with people on
YouTube. I think it's, it's
a part of it. Most
definitely. But a lot of
the interactions are just like,
man. I mean, I think
the most common comment I
get is like marry me.
And to me, that's just
like, Oh gosh, It just
doesn't mean anything. It really
doesn't mean anything, but then
you get the occasional, like
I had this like eight
year old girl email me
and be like, Hey, I
also want to be an
inventor. And like sending me
photos of her projects and
stuff like that. So occasionally
you get one of those
where like people who are
electrical engineers or like, Hey,
you inspire me like at
my work. Or like, Hey,
you got me to like,
bring out my raspberry PI.
That's been sitting in my
closet for the longest time.
So those are kind of
the wines that actually make
it, make it worth it,
or that I like feel
in my heart. But a
lot of them are you
just like, man? Okay. Yeah.
It's just a person just
commented some bullshit, some something,
sorry. I promise not to
cuss. It's all good. It's
all good. I have never
had a, a, a marriage
proposal. And that is the
thing about the internet though.
I retweeted one of my
colleagues, a woman in Austin
who does some amazing work
and she made a video
and I hit retweet. And
it was like elapsed time,
three minutes before someone commented
on how pretty she was
and not the like amazing
piece of content that she
created a, well, I churn
out content regularly. And the
worst I've ever had is
someone said, why did you
wear that shirt two days
in a row? Yeah, it's
I mean, I always, I,
I try to shy away
from talking about what it's
like being a woman in
tech, because I think that
there are so many people
who do it a lot
better than me. And it's
also not my main focus,
but there are definitely differences
in like the response you
get. I mean, 90% of
my subscribers are men. And
I think the vast majority
are, I think 90, 90%
are men between 25 and
34. So Yeah. It sounds
like people on YouTube though.
Yeah. Maybe, maybe that's the
thing, but it's but yeah,
definitely majority dudes and also
the content I make. I
mean, it's unfortunately a lot
of dudes who are interested
in robotics and not as
many girls. Well, hopefully we'll
do, do what we can
to fix, to fix that.
So what I want to
talk about is the first
time you built something, that
first led moment, and you
had a better name for
the led moment. I call
it my love at first
blink because I'm really, and
I remember it so clearly
because I got in my
first Arduino UNO, and I
had this really grand idea.
I wanted to build like
a physical website and move
stuff over the internet, whatever.
I never actually got around
to building it, but I
just really remember. I had
that moment where I was
like, I made that tiny
little led blink on the
Arduino board. And, and I,
like, I tried it, I
changed the duration and it
like blinked a little bit
slower. And it was really
low at first blink 23
I'm 25 now. So it
was two years ago. I
had never held a soldering
iron two years ago. Really?
Yeah. Well, he saw you,
you paused a little bit
and I want to talk
about that for a second.
You paused a little bit
like that was not something
to be proud of. Like
there are people who I
guess solder at age four,
maybe. I don't know if
we're giving toddlers soldering irons
right now, but there's lots
of things that I think
people start when they're 20
or they're whatever. So you
didn't, you weren't soldering 10.
I was not soldering a
10. And how did you
find yourself on that day
when you're 20 putting a
light together and Gore 22
going, putting a light together
and going, Oh, wait a
second. Like where you at
walk me through that. It
was actually a kind of,
I never thought that I
would kind of have that
thing where it's like, okay,
this is actually what I
really want to do. But
I just really, like the
first time I played with
an Arduino, I was like,
okay, this is what I
actually really want to do.
It was, I just knew
for sure that it was
what I wanted to work
with and just working with
billing. Yeah. I had actually
gotten, because I had this
idea of this physical website
and it took me about
two months before I found
Arduino. I had like, it
was just like the weirdest
detour, because I didn't really
know anyone who was into
electronics. So I didn't have
anyone who could guide me,
but I remember like I
contacted this because like I
wanted, I wanted, it's like
somebody pressed a button on
a website. I wanted like
a motor in real life
to move. And I remembered
that I'd seen this website
where you can play with
cats in a cat shelter
online. So you could like
go into a live broadcast
from one of their rooms
and you could like move
the toys that they have
there. And I contacted that
company. It was like, Hey,
how have you built this?
And they were like, yeah,
it's kind of secret. We
could do it for you
would be around. Yeah. Yeah.
They were like, we're, we're
the only company who actually
does this. And, and I
think they gave me like
an, like, they were like,
yeah, we could do one
for you for like $10,000.
And I was like, yeah.
And I, and I remember
I was looking at like,
getting, like, for some reason
I was looking into getting
like one of these electrical
pencil sharpeners that you like,
that was on a USB
port. And I was like,
Oh, can I control the
power to the USB port
over the internet? So I
was just like, very like
going on this crazy detour.
And then I just had
somebody who was like, Hey,
but haven't you checked out?
Or do we knows. And,
and that was when I
got myself there and ordering
to start a kid. So
I think in some way
I was like mentally prepared
for getting blown away because
it was something that I'd
been looking for without knowing
that that was the thing
I was looking for. So
I was probably more like
susceptible to having that like,
Oh, but it was actually
that, that, that kind of
feeling, but your brain was
ready for it. My brain
was ready for it. Most
of all, I think like,
because I've been thinking about
this, like what would have
happened if somebody would have
just put an Arduino in
my lap and been like,
Oh, Hey, this is a
cool thing. You can do
cool stuff with it. And
I think like, probably I
would have been like, Oh
yeah, that is a cool
thing. But when it was
something I hadn't been looking
for it. And it just
meant that like, when I
found it, it just got
to me a lot more.
This episode of Hansel minutes
is brought to you by
brain tree code for easy
online payments. If you're building
a mobile app and you're
searching for a simple payment
solution, check out brain tree,
the brain tree v.zero SDK
makes it easy to offer
multiple mobile payment types. So
you can start accepting PayPal,
Apple pay Bitcoin, Venmo, credit
cards, and more all with
a single integration, one small
snippet of code. And you're
set up in less than
10 minutes. If you don't
have time, you can give
them a call. They'll even
handle the integration for you
and walk you through it.
The SDK supports seven dotnet
node, Java, Perl, PHP, Python,
and Ruby elegant code clear
documentation to learn more. And
for your first $50,000 in
transactions fee free, go to
Braintree payments.com/hanselman that's Braintree payments.com/hanselman.
Do you have a favorite
Arduino? Like I was messing
with one yesterday and I
got it from Intel. They
gave me a box of
a couple of Arduinos and
I thought it was an
UNO and it's not, it's
like an Intel Curie. So
I think it's a, basically
an UNO with a gyroscope
built in. Oh, cool. So
it's got like, got a
Bluetooth and a gyroscope, but
otherwise it's indistinguishable from an
Arduino, but there was a
moment there where I, like,
I had no idea why
this wouldn't work. I was
freaking out. And then I
was like, Oh, there's like
50 different kinds of Arduinos.
I didn't even know that.
Yeah. It's kind of a
jungle. I think. I mean,
the Arduino that I've worked
the most way, this called
the light blue bean. And
that is because I worked
at a company that makes
them, so after I had
my like ha or Adreno
moment, I started just building
a lot of stuff. And
then I got a job
as a maker in residence
at a company in San
Francisco and they make an
Arduino boards called the light
blue bean, which has Bluetooth
lower energy. And it's just
like this really cute teal
colored thing. And I think
that, I mean, I miss
probably say that wine. I
don't work there anymore, so
I'm not getting paid to
say this in any way,
but it's just like the
one that I've used the
most and it's kind of
a Homer do you know?
But otherwise I just liked
the Volvo of Arduino, which
is the Arduino. Now I
think it's a trooper. One
of the things that's cool
about the light blue bean
and our little, little tiny
boards, like it is right
there are doing those, but
they're super tiny and they
have a battery. Does that
make design a lot simpler?
I mean, the light blue
beam runs over the coin
cell battery. So it's, it's
kind of nice if you
want to make, and it
has like a built in
accelerometer, temperature sensor, and it's
just a very nice thing
if you want to make
wearables. But I think it
kind of runs out of
batteries quickly. Like if you're
running on a battery, it's
going to be out in
a couple of days or
weeks, depending on how you
use it. So I'm not
sure how useful that would
actually be longterm, but it's
still it's. It opens up
new possibilities when I'm making
stuff. I have like my,
my GoTo project that I
make over and over again.
So like I have this
garage door that I always
leave open. I drive away
with the garage open. So
I want to make a
thing that has an accelerometer
and I tape it to
the garage door. The garage
door opens the thing rotates.
And then it texts me
to say, you left the
garage door open. So every
time a new thing comes
out, whether it be a
blue bean or whether it
be a photon or whatever,
or a raspberry pie, I
make that same project over
and over again, to see
how easy it was. Do
you have a GoTo project,
which is the one you
make over and over again
to see how to test
new stuff? No, I haven't.
And I haven't actually, I've
actually not got into using
that many. I'm very, rather
than being like, Oh, I
want to try out this
new gadget. I'm very, Oh,
I want to build this
stuff or this thing, like,
I just need to find
the best platform to use
it. So I don't really
have that, that process of
trying stuff out. I'm just
very like focused on the
thing that I currently want
to build. Interesting. Okay. So
you're, you decided are doing
those, your platform and now
that you understand, or do
we know, then you move
up to the next level
of abstraction, then you start
thinking about the thing you
want to build, because now
you're, that's, that's your preferred
pencil, I think. Yeah, probably.
And I mean, I need
to think outside of the
Arduino box a little bit,
because there are some times
when I've used them in
projects where I don't actually
need to, like, for example,
in the wakeup machine, I
would have actually not had
to use one, but I
put one in there because
I'm just like, Oh, of
course you need it. But,
but yeah, it's kind of,
yeah, that's kind of my
pencil, but at the same
time, I think, I mean,
I have a lot of
products that I'm not sure
how I'm going to build.
So I don't think I'm
very limited to thinking like,
Oh, this is what I
actually know. Well, that's why
I was asking the question
earlier that might not have
been, it may not have
sounded clever at the time,
but what I was trying
to ask about, no, what
I'm talking about is that
the, the helmet with the
toothbrush thing, I assumed it
was a motor going in
one direction with a gear
that was switching directions. So
I assumed it was entirely
a mechanical. And then, so
in my mind, in my
mind, I designed it one
way. And then you said
there's an Arduino and you're
switching directions using the servo.
And then my whole brain
kind of rotated 90 degrees
because we'll think about it,
right? We both are sitting
here. We're talking about this,
the solution, this crucial solution
that the universe needs a
toothbrush that crushes your face
for you it's mean it's
amazing, right? We need to
productize this. I designed it
in one way, thinking not
art. We know not MCAT,
not in any way computerized.
And then you said, well,
I've got programming and all
my stuff. And that opened
my mind and that's going
to influence that little interaction
is going to influence how
I make stuff. It's interesting
because it is, I mean,
you do kind of get
stuck with the tools that
you know, or me, you
build stuff out or the
things you often know. Like,
I mean, when I was
in the first of what
I built, I built when
I was eight years old.
And that was just, I
just had this idea that
I wanted to build a
robot, but I had no
idea how to, so I
just got a block of
wood and I drilled a
hole through it and I
put a stick through the
hole and the way it
was a robot was that
if I twisted the stick
in one end, it also
moved on the other end.
And to me, it's just
like a fun thing, because
like working with wood was
the only, I mean, it
was the only material that
I knew. So I was
like, of course, I'm going
to build a robot out
of wood and maybe we're
still, we're just grown up
versions of that right now.
I like that. I think
we are grown up versions
of like, you know, it's
just, we're just, it's just
tall grade school at this
point. And that's okay. We've
got some, you get some
great pictures on your Twitter
timeline and one of them,
which I totally recognize cause
I've been there myself. And
I think people who are
makers have been there, which
is the, what in the
world do you have in
your bag? How much trouble
do you have taking like
a severed arm and a
motor and a helmet with
a toothbrush through airport security?
It's actually, it was a
really fun experience because I
checked it in a special
luggage because stuff is kind
of fragile. And also I
was just worried that they
were going to give me
a mess or that they
were gonna give me trouble
about it. And, and the
guy was just like looking
at it and he's like,
wait, like what, what is
that? Is that two knives
from this like chopping machine?
I both. And, and he
was like, yeah, yeah, they're
actually nice. And then I
realized I have like the
most cartoon verse bond. It's
basically like a metal box
with a clock attached to
it and that's filled with
electronics and it just looks
like, it just looks like
this very cartoon version of,
of a Bob. But, and
I was just like, I
can explain. And I got
to like pitch my YouTube
channel and I was like,
this is, yeah, I do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The
knives. How did you make
it through with knives? Like
they look like actual kitchen.
I didn't take it as
my carry on. Oh, okay.
It can even bring in
Arduino as a carry on.
Oh, I've done that before
makeup, all sorts of stories.
They'll believe, whatever you say,
you say I'm diabetic. I
said it was an insulin
pump and they were like,
they're like, Oh really? And
I was like, yeah, it's
new. I mean, it's so
bad. You know? I mean,
whatever. Like I took, I
have a recorder for my
podcasts called a zoom and
it has microphones that are
situated to 45 degree alternating
angles. And I had like
a 30 minute interaction where
they refuse to admit that
it wasn't a taser because
of the angles. You know
what I mean? Because it's
got these crossover metal pieces
that, and I'm like, it's
really not a taser. And
I ended up realizing that
all I needed to do
was just record them and
play it back. But then
I thought to myself now
the bad guys are gonna
make tasers that can record.
That's hilarious. How stupid do
they feel after that? I
probably don't think we should
talk about airport security and
their level of stupidity, but
it does make them think
about when the bad guys
learned how to make stuff.
Like, you know, It looks
like other stuff. Yeah. Then
it's on. And it's a
problem. What are you making?
What are you making right
now? Because I'm looking at
your video where you're in
the Spanish talk show they're
interviewing you. Is that your
lab, is that like your
master pick your secret layer
behind you when you're on
the talk show that you're
like talking and it looks
like you're in your kitchen
or in your garage somewhere,
and there's just stuff behind
you. I'm curious how neat
your workspace is. I think
is the question I have
an office or it's a
friend's office where we're working,
but right now I've just
been I've, haven't had time
to build stuff as of
late, because I had just
been replying to emails, which
is like the most boring
for her work. And I've
just had like this, it
feels like playing whack-a-mole because
like, I just like whacked
down one email and then
it just Multiplies. But I,
and I'm kind of secret
about my product. So I
have actually, I have, I
have one thing on the
way, but I don't really
talk about Okay. That's okay.
Top secret stuff. No, I
totally understood. Totally understood. So,
so you've got secret projects,
you're always making stuff. Do
you ever worry that you
might run out of stuff
to, to think about or
to invent? Cause I feel
like I go in fits
and starts. I don't know.
Yeah. Sometimes I can, I
can worry about it, but
at the same time I
just have a lot of
ideas. I think it's probably
like, yeah. When one of
my everyday superpowers like boring
everyday life superpowers that I
just have this constant stream
of ideas. So right now
I'm not very worried about
it, but maybe after some
time, I think, I think
more I'm, I'm more worried
that I'm going to run
out of material, You know?
And just when I, I
think that too sometimes, and
then like VR helmets come
out and then I realized
that we are living in
the future that are doing,
those are like $15 and
we're living in the future.
Like there's no better time
to be making stuff. Yeah.
It's a good time to
be alive. Did you see
the video of the little
video clip of the woman
with her colleague behind her
who had a VR helmet
on and a leap motion,
IRR controller tapes to the
front of it. And he
was deep in, in VR
world. And she's just kind
of mugging at the camera
saying this is the future.
No, I haven't seen that.
She's she's a VR expert.
I'll send it to you.
But basically it's starting to
make me think about, is
technology going to make us
more social or less social,
you know, different way. But
then there was that picture
of a Zuckerberg walking by
everyone who all had those
VR helmets on, like, we're
going to be standing next
to each other. Like right
now we'll sit next to
our significant other and text
them on the couch. We're
going to do that with
VR. It's a different form
of communication. Your text can
reveal or stuff that you
can't do. In words, you
have emojis in texts. You
don't have spoken emojis yet.
That's an idea spoken to
Moses. Yeah. I already have.
How do we bring emojis
into our everyday lives or
into like the, the face
to face interaction? No, but
I think, I think, I
think people are social. It's
just the way that we
hang out is going to
change. And also, I just
really hope that people won't
fall in love with AI.
Really? You're worried about AI
more than VR. Why, what,
what is it about AI?
I think VR, I mean
it's still or not, not,
I don't know. I think
it's, as long as it's
like human interaction, it feels
like in the foundation, human
interaction is a good thing.
Like me, we do good
stuff when we interact with
each other. But I think
if you just get stuck
in, in, in something with
like, if, what if all
you did was hanging out
with an AI? Oh, wow.
You're right. No, because it
was disturbing because he spent
the entire movie alone. He's
still old, but maybe you
can have like a good
giving relationship with, with something
like that. But it's just
to me, I mean, like,
I just know that what
actually the stuff that makes
me happy is like the
people around me that I
like and making them happy.
And, but maybe you can
get that same exchange with,
with a robot. I'm not
sure I'm not getting it
from my robots yet though.
Yeah. Well, apparently not. If
they're slapping you in the
face every morning, They're all
kind of violent and meme,
So, okay. So you've got
secret projects coming. You've just
hit a hundred thousand subscribers
on YouTube. So congratulations on
that. That is that's I
guess all the money starts
rolling in now. So congratulations
on that. I wish I
wish. And you said that
you were a, a maker
in residence. That's an amazing
title that there was that
basically like please go and
play and have fun in
our lab. Yeah, it was
just, my job was just
to build cool stuff using,
using their product. What a
dream job. Yeah. It was
a pretty good one. That
was fantastic. It was good
because like, and also it
was, it was great because
I didn't know that much
about electronics. So I, it
was just like school for
me because I learned so
much from working in a
team of electrical engineers. Wow.
That is amazing. I, how
do, how do others get
to do that kind of
stuff? I think that working
with others is so important.
Like people who are listening
and thinking about making, how
much do you think that
they can do just alone
in their garage versus how
much should they find someone
to pair with a friend
would just sit there and
hold the soldering iron and
help. I think it's, it's
nice to have company. I
think you can do a
lot of stuff by yourself.
I mean, it all depends
on in what Context you
work best. Yeah. I've always
felt that pairing go for
me is the two people
makes you three times as
productive, but I think everyone's
different. I think, I think
I'm actually less productive with
other people because I just
get very excited about being
around people and when I
make them laugh and I
don't know, I think it's
kind of nice for me
when I'm alone, because then
I can just kind of
get into like the sitting
at like this soldering Zen.
Very cool. Well, I really
appreciate you chatting with me
today. This is a, this
is exciting. And the stuff
that you build, it makes
me smile. And it also
reminds me that not everything
that I make needs to
be like perfectly useful. And
productizable, it's a reminder that
we really are just making
stuff to have fun. Okay.
Good reminder. So people can
check you out online. And
this has been Simone yet.
Thanks so much. We'll see
you again next week. .